Devx 24n (#1000)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04.5-devx/05-app-profile/05-versioning-app-profile.md

 
</InfoBox>

# Apply Version to a Profile

* Select the App Profile to be versioned.

* From the **Drop Down** menu next to the App Profile name, select the **Create New Version**.

* Give the version number per the semantic format described above.

> * Click **Confirm** to the wizard. The UI will give a versioning successful message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click on **Confirm** to complete the wizard. The UI will return a versioning successful message.
```

> * The App Profile list will display the new version of the App Profile. The users can select the app profile by selecting the name and version number for deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The App Profile list will display the new version of the App Profile. Users can select the App Profile by selecting the name and version number for deployments.
```
